# 2.4 - Classification Models of 2D Medical Images

### 2.4.7
Otsu's method + mode to differentiate between FATTY and DENSE breast x-ray images
Sometimes it fails in detecting FATTY. Why is that?
**TODO**: Please explore

### 2.4.13

Where does label like "Desease" or "Not Desease" come from? From the **gold standard**.

**Gold standard**
The gold standard for a particular type of data refers to the method that detects disease with the highest sensitivity and accuracy. Any new method that is developed can be compared to this to determine its performance.

So the gold standard is like a proxy for the truth.
Why use a proxy instead of the truth? Because you may never know the truth.

For example, the gold standard for pneumonia is a biopsy. But the biopsy, also, can fail.


Some gold standards:
* Pneumonia:					Biopsy
* Breast tumor:					Radiology
* Benign/Malign breast tumor:	Biopsy


**Silver standard**
The silver standard for pneumonia involves hiring several radiologists to each make their own diagnosis of an image.
You can see an example in the image GoldvsSilverStandard.png


**Remember**
Ground truth (_verdad terrenal_) is a term used in various fields to refer to information provided by direct observation (i.e. empirical evidence) as opposed to information provided by inference.



**Summing it up**
* Gold standard: The method that detects your disease with the highest sensitivity and accuracy.
* Ground truth: A label used to compare against your algorithm's output and establish its performance
* Silver standard: A method to create a ground truth that takes into account several different label sources